1. This Git repository showcases the assignments and projects that I've
completed for my COMP 20 Web Programming class of spring 2017.

2. My favorite assignment was Lab 5: The Epic Fail, not only because it had a
funny prompt, but also because it was the first time I felt like I had learned
and completed a coding assignment on my own, without much direction. Much of 
the code I used in the lab was found on my own studying and reading resources.
It was also a very fun lab to do overall.

3. I have grown a good amount - I have more confidence in my ability to search
for answers to programming problems on my own rather than having others teach 
it to me. I have gained more confidence in my coding overall as a result. On
the other hand, I have also learned how to seek out help when I need it without
getting embarassed. This course has taught me that it is okay to ask for help,
and that no one is really an expert - anyone more experienced has been in my
shoes at one point in their coding careers.

4. How to look up material on my own - if I hadn't learned how to Google code
that I needed to use for the assignments in this course, I would've ended up
spending endless hours in Halligan. In Assignment 2, it took me a while, but
I figured out how to access the title of an array ("vehicles" or "passengers")
on StackOverflow. For our semester group project, much of, if not all, of the
code I've contributed was found through online tutorials and resources.

5. Now that I've finished this course, I would love to delve more into website
design and implementing web content in an appealing, user-friendly manner. 
This course has given me enough material in subjects such as HTML/CSS, event-
based programming, and security to use as a jumping-off point to learn more
about implementing web content, and I now also have the confidence in my
ability to learn a large amount of it on my own.

Thank you for a great semester, Ming!